Add branded image for the home page (#226)
nordcraftengine/documentation: docs/18-guides/99-contribution/index.md

- Place all images in the same folder as the page's `index.md` file
- If a link is included, ensure that it points to the `main` branch

::: info

> You may see `@@@ image-static` in places. This tag is for Nordcraft brand images that do not expand into the large view. You should not add static images unless specifically requested to do so.

Reviewer: We're not instructing an AI ;)
```suggestion
You may see `@@@ image-static` in places. This tag is for Nordcraft brand images that do not expand into the large view. You should only add static images if you need to display images that don't serve as example images and that should not be expandable.
```
